Remove `com.iexec.blockchain.dataset` package (#91)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-blockchain-adapter-api: README.md

| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_PASSWORD` | Login password of the server. | String | `whatever` |
| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_MONGO_HOST` | Mongo server host. Cannot be set with URI. | String | `localhost` |
| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_MONGO_PORT` | Mongo server port. Cannot be set with URI. | Positive integer | `13012` |
| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_CHAIN_ID` | Chain ID of the blockchain network to connect. | Positive integer | `134` |

> | `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_IS_SIDECHAIN` | Define if iExec on-chain protocol is built on top of token (`false`) or native currency (`true`). | Boolean | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_IS_SIDECHAIN` | Define whether iExec on-chain protocol is built on top of token (`false`) or native currency (`true`). | Boolean | `true` |
```

| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_NODE_ADDRESS` | URL to connect to the blockchain network. | URL | `https://bellecour.iex.ec` |

> | `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_BLOCK_TIME` | In seconds, parameter of the targeted blockchain. | Positive integer | `5` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IEXEC_BLOCKCHAIN_ADAPTER_API_BLOCK_TIME` | Block time of target blockchain, in seconds. | Positive integer | `5` |
```
